Docs: add Amazon ECS installation mode (#58159)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation/amazon-ecs.mdx

---
title: Installing Teleport on Amazon ECS using Terraform
description: How to install and run Teleport agents on Amazon ECS
labels:
 - platform-wide
 - reference
---

Using Amazon ECS and Terraform allows you to easily deploy and manage Teleport Agents that are closer to your AWS resources.

> This flow is ideal when you want to auto discover and secure access to your EKS clusters, RDS databases or other supported AWS resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flow is ideal when you want to automatically discover and secure access to your EKS clusters, RDS databases or other supported AWS resources.
```

## How it works
Amazon ECS provides a convenient way to deploy Teleport agents closely located to your AWS resources, allowing access even if they are not publicly accessible.

> With Terraform, you can easily deploy and keep the Teleport agent up to date.

Reviewer: For me, this section rephrases the introductory paragraph. Instead, I would make it clear to an admin what the architecture is of the setup introduced in this guide so they understand, before following the steps, what technical things they'll be asked to do.

In particular, what infrastructure does the Terraform module deploy? I'm guessing an ECS service for a Teleport Agent? Does the module also create a join token resource for the agent? Is there anything else?

## Prerequisites
The following set up is required:
- install [`terraform`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install)
- [configure AWS credentials](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration)
- a Teleport [IAM Join Token](../reference/join-methods.mdx#aws-iam-role-iam) so that your agent can securely join the Teleport cluster

> ## Step 1/3. Download the terraform module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1/3. Download the Terraform module
```

Download the source code for our example:
```code
$ git clone https://github.com/gravitational/teleport -b branch/v(=teleport.major_version=)

> $ cd teleport/examples/aws/terraform/ecs-agent

Reviewer: Which PR introduces this module?

Author: Note to self: remember to `git add` the most important bits 😅 

I'll add it in the next commit.

      Resource = "*"
    },
  ]
}
ecs_executionrole = "ecs-guide-teleport_agent_executionrole"
```

It configures the following AWS resources:
- IAM Role with the required permission for accessing AWS APIs
- IAM Role to allow log stream of the teleport agent into CloudWatch
- ECS Task Definition which runs a Teleport Agent
- ECS Cluster and an ECS Service which runs the Task Definition above

You should edit the `teleport_agent_config` and `ecs_taskrole_policy` variables and adapt it to your needs.

Save the `.tfvars` file as `my-deployment.tfvars` and use it in the next step.

## Step 3/3. Initialize and apply the Terraform configuration
Applying the configuration will create the resources and deploy the Teleport agent.

```bash
$ terraform init
$ terraform apply -var-file=my-deployment.tfvars
```

After deployment, the agent should be part of your Teleport cluster.

<Admonition type="note" title="Keep your agent up to date">
  Run `terraform apply ...` regularly to ensure the deployed teleport agent version is updated.
</Admonition>

## Troubleshooting

Navigate to the Amazon ECS console, select the Cluster and Service, and look for the logs tab which are stored in CloudWatch.

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```
We use sentence case in headings

---
title: Installing Teleport on Amazon ECS using Terraform
description: How to install and run Teleport agents on Amazon ECS
labels:
 - platform-wide
 - reference
---

Using Amazon ECS and Terraform allows you to easily deploy and manage Teleport Agents that are closer to your AWS resources.

This flow is ideal when you want to automatically discover and secure access to your EKS clusters, RDS databases or other supported AWS resources.

## How it works

> Using Terraform, a Teleport Agent is deployed and kept up to date in Amazon ECS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A Terraform module deploys a Teleport Agent on Amazon ECS and keeps it up to date.
```
Using active voice instead of passive voice.

You have to create or re-use an IAM Join Token so the Agent is able to join the cluster.

> You will need to configure which Teleport services you want to run (e.g., discovery, database and kube services), and then pick the subnets and security groups which allow access to the resources you want to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to configure the Teleport services you want to run (e.g., the Discovery Service or Database Service), and then pick the subnets and security groups which allow access to the resources you want to access.
```

> After deploying, the Agent is part of your cluster and starts discovering or proxying requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying, the Agent is part of your cluster and starts discovering resources or proxying requests.
```
So it doesn't sound like the agent is discovering requests.

> You can customize the Agent configuration and re-deploying it as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the Agent configuration and re-deploy it as needed.
```
Grammar fix

---
title: Installing Teleport on Amazon ECS using Terraform
description: How to install and run teleport agents on Amazon ECS
labels:
 - platform-wide
 - reference
---

> Using Amazon ECS and Terraform allows you to easily deploy and manage teleport agents that are closer to your AWS resources.

Author: I was mis-guided by a doc linter rule: we can't use `Teleport agent`.
So, I replaced everything with `teleport agent`, assuming the issue was the capital `T`.
However, I've now replaced everything with `Teleport Agent` which seems to be the correct way of spelling it out.
